Task 1


Timmy & Sarah think they are in love, but around where they live, they will only know once they pick a flower each. If one of the flowers has an even number of petals and the other has an odd number of petals it means they are in love.

Write a function that will take the number of petals of each flower and return true if they are in love and false if they aren't.



Task 2


Given an array of integers, return a new array with each value doubled.

For example:

[1, 2, 3] --> [2, 4, 6]



Task 3


This kata is about multiplying a given number by eight if it is an even number and by nine otherwise.


Task 4


All of the animals are having a feast! Each animal is bringing one dish. There is just one rule: the dish must start and end with the same letters as the animal's name. For example, the great blue heron is bringing garlic naan and the chickadee is bringing chocolate cake.
Write a function feast that takes the animal's name and dish as arguments and returns true or false to indicate whether the beast is allowed to bring the dish to the feast.
Assume that beast and dish are always lowercase strings, and that each has at least two letters. beast and dish may contain hyphens and spaces, but these will not appear at the beginning or end of the string. They will not contain numerals.


Task 5


Write a program that finds the summation of every number from 1 to num. The number will always be a positive integer greater than 0.



Task 6


Write a function named setAlarm which receives two parameters. The first parameter, employed, is true whenever you are employed and the second parameter, vacation is true whenever you are on vacation.

The function should return true if you are employed and not on vacation (because these are the circumstances under which you need to set an alarm). It should return false otherwise. Examples:

setAlarm(true, true) -> false
setAlarm(false, true) -> false
setAlarm(false, false) -> false
setAlarm(true, false) -> true

Task 7


Write a function that accepts an integer n and a string s as parameters, and returns a string of s repeated exactly n times.


Task 8


A hero is on his way to the castle to complete his mission. However, he's been told that the castle is surrounded with a couple of powerful dragons! each dragon takes 2 bullets to be defeated, our hero has no idea how many bullets he should carry.. Assuming he's gonna grab a specific given number of bullets and move forward to fight another specific given number of dragons, will he survive?

Return True if yes, False otherwise 


Task 9


Consider an array/list of sheep where some sheep may be missing from their place. We need a function that counts the number of sheep present in the array (true means present).

For example,

[True,  True,  True,  False,
  True,  True,  True,  True ,
  True,  False, True,  False,
  True,  False, False, True ,
  True,  True,  True,  True ,
  False, False, True,  True]
The correct answer would be 17.

Hint: Don't forget to check for bad values like null/undefined


Task 10

Given a random non-negative number, you have to return the digits of this number within an array in reverse order


Task 12

Your task is to create a function that does four basic mathematical operations.

The function should take three arguments - operation(string/char), value1(number), value2(number).
The function should return result of numbers after applying the chosen operation.

Examples(Operator, value1, value2) --> output
('+', 4, 7) --> 11
('-', 15, 18) --> -3
('*', 5, 5) --> 25
('/', 49, 7) --> 7


Task 13

Make a simple function called greet that returns the most-famous "hello world!".

Style Points
Sure, this is about as easy as it gets. But how clever can you be to create the most creative "hello world" you can think of? What is a "hello world" solution you would want to show your friends?

Task 14

We need a function that can transform a number (integer) into a string.

What ways of achieving this do you know?

Task 20


You get an array of numbers, return the sum of all of the positives ones.

Example [1,-4,7,12] => 1 + 7 + 12 = 20

Note: if there is nothing to sum, the sum is default to 0.


Task 23


Can you find the needle in the haystack?

Write a function findNeedle() that takes an array full of junk but containing one "needle"

After your function finds the needle it should return a message (as a string) that says:

"found the needle at position " plus the index it found the needle, so:
Example(Input --> Output)

["hay", "junk", "hay", "hay", "moreJunk", "needle", "randomJunk"] --> "found the needle at


Task 24


Write a function that takes an array of numbers and returns the sum of the numbers. The numbers can be negative or non-integer. If the array does not contain any numbers then you should return 0.

Examples
Input: [1, 5.2, 4, 0, -1]
Output: 9.2

Input: []
Output: 0

Input: [-2.398]
Output: -2.398

Assumptions
You can assume that you are only given numbers.
You cannot assume the size of the array.
You can assume that you do get an array and if the array is empty, return 0.
What We're Testing
We're testing basic loops and math operations. This is for beginners who are just learning loops and math operations.
Advanced users may find this extremely easy and can easily write this in one line.






                                                   7 kyu


Task 11

Create a function that returns the sum of the two lowest positive numbers given an array of minimum 4 positive integers. No floats or non-positive integers will be passed.

For example, when an array is passed like [19, 5, 42, 2, 77], the output should be 7.

[10, 343445353, 3453445, 3453545353453] should return 3453455.


Task 15

A square of squares
You like building blocks. You especially like building blocks that are squares. And what you even like more, is to arrange them into a square of square building blocks!

However, sometimes, you can't arrange them into a square. Instead, you end up with an ordinary rectangle! Those blasted things! If you just had a way to know, whether you're currently working in vain… Wait! That's it! You just have to check if your number of building blocks is a perfect square.

Task
Given an integral number, determine if it's a square number:

In mathematics, a square number or perfect square is an integer that is the square of an integer; in other words, it is the product of some integer with itself.

The tests will always use some integral number, so don't worry about that in dynamic typed languages.

Examples
-1  =>  false
 0  =>  true
 3  =>  false
 4  =>  true
25  =>  true
26  =>  false


Task 16


There is a bus moving in the city which takes and drops some people at each bus stop.

You are provided with a list (or array) of integer pairs. Elements of each pair represent the number of people that get on the bus (the first item) and the number of people that get off the bus (the second item) at a bus stop.

Your task is to return the number of people who are still on the bus after the last bus stop (after the last array). Even though it is the last bus stop, the bus might not be empty and some people might still be inside the bus, they are probably sleeping there :D

Take a look on the test cases.

Please keep in mind that the test cases ensure that the number of people in the bus is always >= 0. So the returned integer can't be negative.

The second value in the first pair in the array is 0, since the bus is empty in the first bus stop.


Task 17

In this kata you will create a function that takes a list of non-negative integers and strings and returns a new list with the strings filtered out.


Task 18


Welcome. In this kata, you are asked to square every digit of a number and concatenate them.

For example, if we run 9119 through the function, 811181 will come out, because 92 is 81 and 12 is 1. (81-1-1-81)

Example #2: An input of 765 will/should return 493625 because 72 is 49, 62 is 36, and 52 is 25. (49-36-25)

Note: The function accepts an integer and returns an integer.

Happy Coding!


Task 19


Implement a function that accepts 3 integer values a, b, c. The function should return true if a triangle can be built with the sides of given length and false in any other case.

(In this case, all triangles must have surface greater than 0 to be accepted).



Task 21


ATM machines allow 4 or 6 digit PIN codes and PIN codes cannot contain anything but exactly 4 digits or exactly 6 digits.

If the function is passed a valid PIN string, return true, else return false.

Examples (Input --> Output)
"1234"   -->  true
"12345"  -->  false
"a234"   -->  false


Task 22


Given the triangle of consecutive odd numbers:

             1
          3     5
       7     9    11
   13    15    17    19
21    23    25    27    29
...
Calculate the sum of the numbers in the nth row of this triangle (starting at index 1) e.g.: (Input --> Output)

1 -->  1
2 --> 3 + 5 = 8


Task 25


Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is a chemical found in the nucleus of cells and carries the "instructions" for the development and functioning of living organisms.

If you want to know more: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNA

In DNA strings, symbols "A" and "T" are complements of each other, as "C" and "G". Your function receives one side of the DNA (string, except for Haskell); you need to return the other complementary side. DNA strand is never empty or there is no DNA at all (again, except for Haskell).

More similar exercise are found here: http://rosalind.info/problems/list-view/ (source)

Example: (input --> output)

"ATTGC" --> "TAACG"
"GTAT" --> "CATA"

